well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
workshops and conferences people of my
ideological bent we hold workshops all
the time
I probably did ten a year up till
recently problem with them is why they
are great for exchanging ideas learning
new tactics stuff like this they tend to
be pop-up and done on the fly at other
activist events they piggyback on a
protest or a March or whatever what that
means is if you're not already within
the community you don't even know it
happened
and then we do these conferences and
these conferences are pretty widely
advertised but I was certain I was never
gonna have to do one even though I've
been invited a few times because well I
don't really like the way they're done
that's not and this isn't default the
guys that do them I understand why why
they're set up the way they are all of
that it's just not for me one of the
problems I've had with them is that they
are cost prohibitive tickets are several
hundred dollars they last a week and
they're normally in a remote location
and when you take all of this together
what that means is that if you go to one
of these things you're already in the
club you're already pretty committed to
this set of beliefs so I'm not gonna be
winning a lot of hearts and minds there
so it didn't never seemed like a good
use of my time and I got a buddy that
goes to one that happened
in Acapulco every year and it's a
week-long and he drops four to seven
thousand dollars on these trips you're
gonna spend that kind of cash you're
already very committed now not all that
was on the conference some of that is
because he's kind of a goofball but the
point remains the other issue I've had
with them is that they cater to a niche
it's not wide enough for the whole
community you know it's well for people
who are engaged in using crypto currency
or for people who think like me but are
very conservative socially I know that
sounds weird but it exists and most of
them or lack a purpose beyond networking
you know so that and again I just never
really felt like I needed to go to all
and then this week I get a call and some
activists have decided to put one
together in a major US city that is
close enough to other major US cities
for people to drive in it if you want to
do the the VIP Grandaddy ticket set or
whatever it's less than 200 bucks it's
only a couple days long the speaker list
is very diverse and has purpose and the
purpose is what are things you can do to
start tomorrow in your own community
basically all that network building and
force multiplication that we talk about
in these videos well that's the theme of
the conference so all of a sudden I'm
out of excuses not to do it and I guess
I'm going to Vegas baby
I'll be speaking on July 21st so who
should go to this thing if you watch the
videos about the world I want or how
freedom will come to America and you're
sitting there going yeah yeah you need
to go because you're already part of the
community you just don't know it yet I
have recently found out that there are a
lot of disaffected three percenters who
are watching me who really like the
general idea but the problem is I'm such
a whiny touchy-feely snowflake kind of
guy that you're just not interested you
need to go because there going to be
some other speakers there that you're
interested in if you have fallen down
the rabbit hole a few times you probably
read a book called the creature from
Jekyll Island the author of that gee I
were Griffin he's going to be there if
you're interested in independent
journalism there's going to be just a
giant list of them so let's see
lark and Rose will be there gee I work
riffin Cary Wed ler who you guys have
seen in videos on this channel she's
gonna be there as well news to share is
sending one of their guys I was hoping
it was gonna be Alex but last time I saw
him he was holding a sign out of the
window of the Venezuelan embassy that
says journalists need cigarettes guess
they're sending a forward Fisher and I
mean he's kind of okay long-running joke
David Rodriguez who's going to talk
about homeschooling and unschooling
these types of things and then just this
giant list of independent journalists
there's going to be of course with this
community there's going to be a party I
think that for some people this might be
really eye-opening
now I'm gonna put a link below to order
tickets and get a little bit more
information about it if you use the
promo code bow you'll get a discount of
some kind I wanna say it's 10% and if
you the difference between the pain
difference between the VIP thing and the
regular tickets from what I understand
is that there's going to be a party that
you get to go to and free wine or
something like that I know you all you
have to read it in addition to that if
you share this video with the hashtag
bow Vegas 2019 on your social media and
you have bought the entrance ticket you
stand a chance of being upgraded to the
VIP thing so this was a little bit more
of a commercial I guess then one of my
normal videos but people vast you know
when I'm going on the road I'm like well
probably not there you go so anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night
oke see you there